CCI-1697 feat: update allocation docs to include the single metric (#19861)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/cloud_cost_management/container_cost_allocation.md

| AWS Cost Metric                    | Description    |
| ---                                | ----------- |
| `aws.cost.amortized.shared.resources.allocated` | EC2 costs allocated by CPU & memory requested by a pod or ECS task, using a 60:40 split for CPU & memory respectively. <br> *Based on `aws.cost.amortized`* |
| `aws.cost.net.amortized.shared.resources.allocated` | Net EC2 costs allocated by CPU & memory requested by a pod or ECS task, using a 60:40 split for CPU & memory respectively. <br> *Based on `aws.cost.net.amortized`, if available* |

These new cost metrics include all of your AWS cloud costs. This allows you to continue visualizing all of your cloud costs at one time, with added visibility into pods and tasks running on EC2 instances.

> For example, say you have the tag `team` on S3 buckets, RDS stores, and Kubernetes pods. You can use one of the new metrics to group cost by `team`, and each group then includes the S3 and RDS costs for that team, as well as the cost of compute resources reserved by the tagged pods.

Reviewer: not just reserved its max (reserved, used)

Author: We are just going to update text to say `used`. Trying to explain using the maximum of reserved and used made the section too wordy.

| `aws.cost.net.amortized.mem.allocated` | Net EC2 costs allocated by memory requested by a pod or ECS task <br> *Based on `aws.cost.net.amortized`, if available* |
| `aws.cost.amortized.cpu.allocated` | EC2 costs allocated by CPU requested by a pod or ECS task <br> *Based on `aws.cost.amortized`* |
| `aws.cost.net.amortized.cpu.allocated` | Net EC2 costs allocated by CPU requested by a pod or ECS task <br> *Based on `aws.cost.net.amortized`, if available* |
| `aws.cost.amortized.shared.resources.allocated` | EC2 costs allocated by CPU & memory requested by a pod or ECS task, using a 60:40 split for CPU & memory respectively. <br> *Based on `aws.cost.amortized`* |

> | `aws.cost.net.amortized.shared.resources.allocated` | Net EC2 costs allocated by CPU requested by a pod or ECS task, using a 60:40 split for CPU & memory respectively. <br> *Based on `aws.cost.net.amortized`, if available* |

Reviewer 2: Should we show an image of the analytics controls, displaying how to select a container cost metric? The metric names don't appear anywhere on the page.

Once all tasks have been assigned a cost based on their resource reservations, some instance cost is left over. This is the cost of unreserved resources, which is called **Cluster Idle** cost. This cost is assigned the `is_cluster_idle` tag, and it represents the cost of resources not reserved by any ECS tasks. For more information, see the [Understanding cluster idle cost](#understanding-cluster-idle-cost) section.

> If you enabled AWS Split Cost Allocation, ECS tasks will have costs allocated based on their actual usage, with an additional `is_workload_idle` tag that will represent any usage that is requested but unused. For instance, a task that requests 2GB of memory but only uses 1GB will have the remaining 1GB worth of cost tagged as `is_workload_idle`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you enable AWS Split Cost Allocation, ECS tasks allocate costs based on their actual usage, with an additional `is_workload_idle` tag that represent any usage that is requested but unused. For example, a task that requests 2GB of memory but only uses 1GB has the remaining 1GB worth of cost tagged as `is_workload_idle`.
```

## Understanding the new metrics

There is no specific cost associated with CPU and memory since EC2 instances are priced based on the full set of specs in a bundle. To address this, Datadog runs cost allocation several times:
  - Once based solely on CPU requests, generating `aws.cost.amortized.cpu.allocated`.
  - Once based solely on memory requests, generating `aws.cost.amortized.mem.allocated`.
  - Once based solely on CPU and memory requests using a 60:40 split, generating `aws.cost.amortized.shared.resources.allocated`.

### Understand which metrics provide the best insight into your costs

- If your workloads are CPU-constrained, only using `cpu.allocated` may work for you.
- If your workloads are memory-constrained, exclusively using `mem.allocated` might meet your use case.

> - If you have a mix of CPU and memory-intensive workloads, or you simply want a consistent way to visualize the costs of considering all resources, using `.shared.resources.allocated` will meet your use case.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- If you have a mix of CPU and memory-intensive workloads, or you want a consistent way to visualize the costs of considering all resources, use `.shared.resources.allocated`.
```

**Note**: For costs that are not related to containers on EC2, all four metrics are equal:
  - `aws.cost.amortized`
  - `aws.cost.amortized.cpu.allocated`
  - `aws.cost.amortized.mem.allocated`
  - `aws.cost.amortized.shared.resources.allocated`

## Understanding cluster idle cost

Cluster idle cost is the cost of CPU or memory resources that are not reserved by any workloads.

> You can visualize this cost at the Kubernetes node, ECS host, or cluster level, using the `is_cluster_idle` tag. All costs allocated to scheduled pods or tasks have `is_cluster_idle: N/A`, while all compute costs not assigned to any pods or tasks have the tag `is_cluster_idle: true`. *Note if using `.shared.resources.allocated` metrics, use the `allocated_spend_type` tag.*

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You can visualize this cost at the Kubernetes node, ECS host, or cluster level, using the `is_cluster_idle` tag. All costs allocated to scheduled pods or tasks have `is_cluster_idle: N/A`, while all compute costs not assigned to any pods or tasks have the tag `is_cluster_idle: true`. **Note**: if using `.shared.resources.allocated` metrics, use the `allocated_spend_type` tag.
```

| `ecs_cluster_name`      | The name of the ECS cluster. |
| `is_aws_ecs`            | All costs associated with running ECS. |
| `is_aws_ecs_on_ec2`     | All EC2 compute costs associated with running ECS on EC2. |
| `is_aws_ecs_on_fargate` | All costs associated with running ECS on Fargate. |
| `is_cluster_idle`       | The cost of unreserved CPU or memory on EC2 instances running ECS tasks. *Only available for `.cpu.allocated` or `.mem.allocated` metrics.*|

## Other cost metrics

> In addition to the `.shared.resources.allocated` metrics, Datadog also allows you to visulaize your workload costs by CPU or memory only.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In addition to the `.shared.resources.allocated` metrics, Datadog also allows you to visualize your workload costs by CPU or memory only.
```

Datadog consolidates and applies additional tags from various sources to cost metrics. Conflicts are resolved by favoring higher-specificity tags such as pod tags over lower-specificity tags such as host tags. For example, if a Kubernetes pod has the tag `service:datadog-agent` and the node it runs on has the tag `service:aws-node`, the resulting final tag shows up as `service:datadog-agent`.

### Containers

| Out-of-the-box tag  |  Description |
| ---                 | ------------ |

> | `orchestrator`      | The orchestration platform associated with the item, e.g. kubernetes, ecs. |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| `orchestrator`      | The orchestration platform associated with the item (kubernetes, ecs) |
```

> | `allocated_spend_type`     | The spend category category assocuated with the item, e.g. usage, cluster_idle, workload_idle. *Only available for `.shared.resources.allocated` metrics.* |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| `allocated_spend_type`     | The spend category category assocuated with the item (usage, cluster_idle, workload_idle). *Only available for `.shared.resources.allocated` metrics.* |
```

> | `allocated_resource`   | The resource category associated with the item, e.g. cpu, memory. *Only available for `.shared.resources.allocated` metrics.* |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| `allocated_resource`   | The resource category associated with the item (cpu, memory). *Only available for `.shared.resources.allocated` metrics.* |
```
